Well, the first memory I have really is of watching the coronation.
I don't remember very much before that, but I do remember watching the coronation.
We'd been looking forward to it for a long time.
As you say, it was a period of austerity and it seemed a bit exciting.
It was a glimpse of a world that was probably alien to lots of people in an area like this.
And to see the aristocracy in all their glory, although we didn't see the colour then, it was all black and white,
but we could get a good idea of the pomp and the circumstance that surrounded it.
And we became conscious of the fact that we were a nation probably different from other nations.
Not many nations had coronations, but we had one.
So we were proud of that fact and we were interested.
And when we were invited to watch, we all went and sat and had a lovely tea party afterwards.
And then we thought, well, perhaps it might be a good idea to either save up and buy one or to rent one and see how we would go.
And here in this house we debated and we finally decided to venture to rent one.
And there was a bit of a fast-in-combotion putting in aerials and one thing, and my father was fascinated
because it was sort of an interest in him. So we had one and then eventually we bought one.
So that by the time we came to the royal wedding, we were well and truly in the swim, as it were,
and we could invite people to come here and watch it. Because by now we had a coloured one and that was important.
First of all, we'd had a black and white one. But by the time we got to the royal wedding, we'd advanced.
We'd gone off to colour and that made a difference, a vast difference.